Geek.
Z_SMARMY.WSA
Are you interested in subdividing any of that swamp you live in?
Impressive door.
Lava lamps.
Clear water.
You have come to the right place my dear.
SMAR
Please let me give you this brochure detailing my personal guidance services.
I can direct you through all the mysteries of "The Altar at the Center of the World."
There is a small two starfish charge, of course.
This invaluable book details how to obtain guide service.
Do you know how I can get down to the center of the world?
You can't get anywhere in this world without the rocks and vents.
I'll need a total of two starfish.
Thank you.
You only lack one more starfish.
No, thank you.
I'll require payment in starfish.
For full guide services, you need a total of six starfish.
You only lack five more starfish.
You only lack four more starfish.
You only lack three more starfish.
You only lack two more starfish.
Congratulations!
A fine first step!
Now, in order to actually register you for an Anchor Stone...
...there is a small fee of eight seashells.
For registration, you need a total of eight seashells.
You only lack seven more seashells.
You only lack six more seashells.
You only lack five more seashells.
You only lack four more seashells.
You only lack three more seashells.
You only lack two more seashells.
You only lack one more seashell.
Excellent!
You are almost ready!
All that remains is for you to pay the eight sand dollars for the required insurance forms.
I'll require payment in seashells.
For insurance, you need a total of eight sand dollars.
You only lack seven more sand dollars.
You only lack six more sand dollars.
You only lack five more sand dollars.
You only lack four more sand dollars.
You only lack three more sand dollars.
You only lack two more sand dollars.
You only lack one more sand dollar.
You know, you've been a good sport, and an excellent customer!
That's just great.
Now tell me, how do I get down and get one of those anchor stones?
For the actual trip down to the center of the world...
...Most people just jump down one of the hot air vents.
I'll require payment in sand dollars.
Strange island.
VD_LAV1.WSA
VD_LAV2.WSA
VD_SMK.WSA
VD_WTR.WSA
SMARMY.WSA
SMARMY1.WSA
